# LiarBarGTO
A lightweight dual player "Liar Bar" GTO strategy calculator (2 players, standard rule only)

Implemented by C++

Original Answer link: https://zhuanlan.zhihu.com/p/5116791151 and https://www.zhihu.com/question/2930098018/answer/22635631209


# How to use
There are two main executables: calculator.exe and reader.exe, and one config file: config.txt.

The config file is responsible for setting the parameters of the calculator, mainly the training parameters.

For newcomers, no modification nor generation of the GTO strategy is needed, because we have provided one csv file including the whole strategy generated by the default paremeters.

**Execute reader.exe** , and follow the instructions, you can find the GTO solution for any possible situations.

# Query code 
The query needs a query code. It's generation is explained in the answer  https://zhuanlan.zhihu.com/p/5116791151 (in Chinese).

For English speakers, here is a simple way to generate the query code:

The odd digits represent the information for the 1st player (first to play), and even digits for the 2nd player (last to play).

The first two digits means the number of "real cards" (cards that fit for the game or Joker) in the starting hand. Of course you do not know the information of your opponent, so replace it with a '?'.

From the 3rd digit, each digit means the number of cards played by the corresponding player (1/2/3). If you are the player, and the card you played is fake, you add this number by ##3##.

**Remember:** The strategy is only available when it is on the player's turn, i.e. the parity of the length conforms to which of the first two digits is replaced by a '?'.

Here is a simple example:
- You are the 1st player, and you have 3 real cards.
- You are not able to know how many real cards does your opponent have.

In this case, the query code is **"3?"**. The first digit means that you have 3 real cards, and the second ? means that you do not know any information about your opponent's hand.

Another more complex example:
- You are the 2nd player, and You are not able to know your opponent's hand. (?)
- You have 2 real cards. (2)
- Your opponent played 1 card. (1)
- You did not question and played 1 fake card. (1+3=4)
- Your opponent played 2 cards. (2)
- You did not question and played 1 real card. (1)
- Your opponent played 1 card1. (1)

In this case, the query code is **"?214211"**.


The tutorial of generating the strategy set with customized parameters will be updated soon.

# Possible future updates
- Visualization
- Real-time tracking of games
- Exploitation towards non-GTO strategies
- Multiplayer (not so possible)
